Update installation instructions for Jupyter Book (#2449)
executablebooks/jupyter-book: docs/index.md

+++

```{warning}

> We recently updated the `pip install jupyter-book` which now automatically installs Jupyter Book 2. To keep using Jupyter Book 1, use `pip install jupyter-book<2` in your install.

Reviewer: This feels to be a weird phrasing, maybe just drop the pip install parts?
```suggestion
With the recent release of Jupyer Book 2, you will explicitly need to add `jupyter-book<2` to your install to keep using the Sphinx-based Jupyter Book 1.
```
